Ahhh, it always feels so nice to start a new project. It'll just be weird though. Theoretically, people will be able to actually read this! Not that that's any concern of mine, really, I have dev work to do. As per usual, these notes and logs are where I will describe some of my trials and tribulations developing features and things like that here.

---

With all this said, *man*, that Corgi Engine, huh? What a piece of work. It's a really neat system now that I'm trudging through some of the documentation and seeing what's already been made. 

Although, I'll admit, it almost feels wrong to use these assets that aren't mine and suffer through a less-featured character controller like I'm used to. However, this offers the opportunity for tremendous growth and thing ls like that! Honestly it worried me a bit that this might be very one-size-fits-all approach to developing a project like this, but I'm not sure I should be worried as much as I should be planning around that.

Essentially, if they're able to reduce some of the work that I typically do in a project-starting setting, I should be glad! Instead, I should think about how best to work with that, and what else I'll need to make.

As such, my goal for *today* is to ***create a truly basic prototype of the game implementing a Weapon, and creating an EnemyAmbushZone*** or some area where enemies spawn and and all that.

## Weapons
As it happens, weapons are feature in the Corgi Engine and can be made with the appropriate script, which is the FIRST thing I'll be working with today. They have a cute little video on how to implement them, so I'll watch it and take some notes here as per usual. 

Step one seems to be making my own little player prefab copy in the scene that I can give the component to handle a weapon.

So I've implemented the weapon at least initially, it was very easy to do. However, it'd be best to show this off with a quick animation. I'll do this now. 

As well, I have an idea about how to work with the controllable bounds. What I'll need to do is have a connection to the Camera and its viewport dimensions, and then for an EnemyAmbushZone trigger, restrict the LevelManager's `Level Bounds` to the Camera viewport dimensions. Eventually, I'll restore them to the old values, but I'll need to lock them temporarily until all the enemies within it are defeated. But that's for later, a moment later after I get this animation done.

With the short time I have available today to *experiment* as opposed to develop, I've implemented the CHARACTER weapon animation but I couldn't get the engine to trigger an animation on the weapon's side. Looks like the character's animations will have to hold the desired weapon directly on the gameobject and work with it from there. No problem!

With this done, the basic character movement and weapon implementation are complete **for now**, so time to commit, push, merge, and then branch off again to work on the EnemyAmbushZone system.

## Enemy Ambush Zones
So here's how they work right now - a player enters an EnemyAmbushZone, a designated area that will serve as an arena for them to fight some enemies that will spawn in.
When the player enters a suitable area within the ambush zone *such that they won't fall out or anything when the zone is locked*, the camera will lock to the ambush zone area and the level bounds will lock to the camera's viewport dimensions. Essentially, the player will not be able to leave the room until all things spawned inside are complete.

There's going to be some information to set here for sure. For example, the anatomy of one of these zones will be pretty interesting to me!

I know I'll need a list of Transforms that are spawn locations for enemies for sure.
Then, I'll also need to keep track of the lifetime of the enemies who I spawn in. It only really matters that I create them, and then *I know when they die* via an event or something. That will determine when I can spawn the next wave for the player to fight without spamming them alive.

Firstly though, I have to get that detection and locking information on lock, hehe.

Let's think about how I want to trigger the zone. I shouldn't do it upon player entering because I'm thinking of a situation in which the player has to jump INTO the zone. When the zone *locks* and the player hasn't landed, they could fall into the newly-created pit of doom that the level bounds entails and die quite unfairly.

To prevent this, I think I'll try to make a system in which the zones, by trigger collision, are aware of the player AND the camera being inside of them. When the camera's position's distance is sufficiently close to a desired point, then ***SNAP***! We lock the level bounds and maybe the camera position (though that locks with the level bounds automatically) and we're good to go.

I think I'll delegate this behaviour out to its own script. When an `EnemyAmbushZoneScript` receives *the crucial message* from `EnemyAmbushZoneLockScript`then it gets ready to spawn waves from an `EnemyAmbushZoneWaveScript`.
	It might help to make waves ScriptableObjects, but who knows.

I'm gonna whiteboard this out and then return, I'll be right back.

---

So thinking more on it, I had some ideas. I'd have a class called `EnemyAmbushZoneScript` which centralizes two other main scripts: `EnemyAmbushZoneLockScript` and `EnemyWaveController`. When the `EnemyAmbushZoneScript` isn't engaged and isn't already completed (can be verified via player checkpoint stuff), we are listening for the player and the player camera to enter the trigger collider that `EnemyAmbushZoneLockScript` maintains. When both are present and the camera is at or around a certain point, we'll lock the level bounds and therefore camera movement and notify  `EnemyAmbushZoneScript` that the lock is engaged. Then, we can start creating waves of enemies in `EnemyWaveController`, spawning enemies from `EnemyWave` data until there are no more waves avaiable.

The first and most important part is going to be getting the locking thing down, so I'll make EAZScript and the EAZLockScript first.

---

I was able to get the EAZLockScript done, albeit in an implementation that feels unsavory to me. It'll work for now, but I could do better (later, of course).

Now I need to make the Wave Manager. 

So I got it all working for a demo, but it needs to be revisited, refactored, and documented far better. Lotsa fun work, I'm glad everything is working as of right now.